# CS320
Software Testing Automation

   To ensure that code, a program, or software is functional and secure it is best to conduct multiple tests and incorporate secure coding techniques. Testing can be preformed both manually and automatically, through software automation. The tests must include verification and validation activities that cover both individual components and the full cohesiveness of the product. Conducting an abundance of both unit tests and coverage tests is ideal. Security techniques like keeping code short and simple, implementing user permissions, creating history logs, and using CI/CD will help ensure that the product is secure. These techniques secure the product by making it easy for the end-user to use, by protecting the data, by recording any changes, and by continuously testing for bugs, errors, and vulnerabilities. The use of testing provides verification and validation that the product is working in accordance with the requirements while secure techniques provide safeguards against defects and susceptibilities. 

   User needs are easily interpreted when the developer understands who the user is, what they intend to use the product for, and why? Requirements will be prioritized and separated into those that are functional and those that are non-functional. A developer can create user stories that define the user, a short list of their expectations, and the acceptance criteria. It is highly important to ask questions when clarity is needed. The more information an engineer has, the easier it will be to incorporate the client needs into the program. As Bill Wake said, each requirement should be independent of one another as well as negotiable, valuable, estimable, small, and testable (Wake, 2003). Therefore, each user need should be implemented as its own feature and tested to ensure that all requirements are included and working as expected. 

   My approach to designing software follows the SDLC integrated with agile methodology and secure coding practices. The SDLC defines the major components of the development process. The agile methodology provides a faster development, flexibility, and transparency. Incorporating secure coding practices help the developer create code that minimizes security vulnerabilities. Research, planning, CI/CD, keeping open communication, and prioritizing user needs and safety is essential in developing high-quality software. 

References
Wake, B. (2003, August 17). INVEST in Good Stories, and SMART Tasks. XP123. https://xp123.com/articles/invest-in-good-stories-and-smart-tasks/.
